Google One Tap docs for IS (#3575)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/identity-federation/google.md

    ![Pickup-dispatch application]({{base_path}}/assets/img/samples/pickup-dispatch-login.png)

2. Click **Login**. You are redirected to the Google login page.
  
    ![Google login page]({{base_path}}/assets/img/samples/sign-in-google.png)

3. Sign in using your Google credentials. You are redirected to the
    Pickup sample homepage.

!!! info "Related topics" 
    - [Concepts: Introduction to Identity Federation]({{base_path}}/references/concepts/identity-federation/)

## Google One Tap

> Google One Tap is a personalized authentication feature provided by Google as a trending federated authentication option. When a browser has an authenticated google session, a personalized sign in/sign up button will appear instead of a conventional Google sign in button for One-Tap supported web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google One Tap is a personalized authentication feature provided by Google as a trending federated authentication option. When a browser has an authenticated google session, a personalized sign-in/sign-up button will appear instead of a conventional Google sign-in button. Note that this feature applies to One Tap-supported web applications.
```

### Configuring Google One Tap

> !!! Note "Enabling Google One Tap for tenants"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! Note "Enabling Google One Tap in Asgardeo"
```

>     - By default Google OneTap is enabled for all the tenants. If you want to restrict the tenants who will be having this feature, add the following configuration to the deployment.toml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     By default, Google One Tap is enabled for all tenants. If you want to restrict this option to selected tenants, add the following configuration to the `deployment.toml`.
```
